
	     OSSP/sa interface for R6RS Scheme
	     =================================


Topics
------

  1. Introduction
  2. License
  4. Install
  A. Credits
  B. Bug reports
  C. Resources


1. Introduction
---------------

This  is  a  Scheme  library implementing  an  interface  to
OSSP/sa:  an   abstraction  library  for   the  Unix  socket
application  programming  interface,  featuring  stream  and
datagram  oriented   communication  over  Unix   Domain  and
Internet  Domain (TCP  and  UDP) sockets.   It provides  the
following  key features:  address abstraction  (local, IPv4,
and  IPv6),  type  abstraction,  I/O  timeouts,  I/O  stream
buffering and convenience I/O functions.


2. License
----------

Copyright (c) 2008 Marco Maggi <marcomaggi@gna.org>

This  program  is free  software:  you  can redistribute  it
and/or modify it  under the terms of the  GNU General Public
License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either
version  3 of  the License,  or (at  your option)  any later
version.

This  program is  distributed in  the hope  that it  will be
useful, but  WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without  even the implied
warranty  of  MERCHANTABILITY or  FITNESS  FOR A  PARTICULAR
PURPOSE.   See  the  GNU  General Public  License  for  more
details.

You should  have received a  copy of the GNU  General Public
License   along   with    this   program.    If   not,   see
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.


4. Install
----------

Be  sure  to  have  installed the  Nausicaa/SRFI  and  Uriel
libraries first.  The install OSSP/sa as a shared library.

  Basically we should do:

   $ cd OSSP/sa
   $ mkdir "=build"
   $ cd "=build"
   $ ../configure
   $ make
   $ make test
   $ make install

  To test what a rule will do use the "-n" option; example:

    $ make install -n

  The "Makefile" supports the "DESTDIR" environment variable
to install the files under a temporary location; example:

    $ make install DESTDIR=/tmp/marco/nausicaa-sa

  The   "Makefile"  supports  the   packages  infrastructure
described  in the  Nausicaa documentation.   Refer to  it to
build binary distribution archives.


A. Credits
----------

SA is:
Copyright (c) 2001-2005 Ralf S. Engelschall <rse@engelschall.com>
Copyright (c) 2001-2005 The OSSP Project <http://www.ossp.org/>
Copyright (c) 2001-2005 Cable & Wireless <http://www.cw.com/>

  Nausicaa/sa was written by Marco Maggi.


B. Bug reports
--------------

Bug    reports    are     appreciated,    send    them    to
<mrc.mgg@gmail.com>.


C. Resources
------------

SA can be found here:

	    <http://www.ossp.org/pkg/lib/sa/>
	     <ftp://ftp.ossp.org/pkg/lib/sa/>


### end of file
# Local Variables:
# mode: text
# fill-column: 60
# paragraph-start: "*"
# End:
